Live TV till after noon!
Today's topic is: "Is sexiness
necessary for hero work?"
And so, we have these two
in the studio today--
A rookie hero who debuted
just this year, Mt. Lady, and--
Midnight, who is currently
teaching at U.A. High School!
Thank you both for coming today.
Please, have a seat.
Now, Midnight,
when you first debuted, your costume
was so extreme that it created a stir,
eventually leading to the "Regulations
for Exposed Skin in Costumes" bill
being submitted to the National Diet.
You're known as a veteran hero
who changed the country.
It's still pretty bad right now, though.
Now I'm going for the "ultra-thin" style.
Many say that because of
the nature of their Quirks,
clothes obstruct their abilities.
It's not a matter of whether
or not sexiness is necessary,
but rather that the result of
necessity became seen as sexy.
It's just what you like, right?
What's with you?
Trying to pick a fight?
Of course not! It's just, how do
I put it-- I think you're amazing!
For your age.
Are you trying to show that your
only redeeming feature is your youth?
Even though you're not that young?
I'm saying that if the older generation
tries too hard,
then it's hopeless for us younger folks!
-You little…
-Hey, watch your hands!
You, too! Oh, jeez!
-Stop pulling! It'll rip!
-It's ripped!
What an incredible episode!
I am Izuku Midoriya, born Quirkless
and a student at U.A. High.
With the help of my friends, I will become
the greatest hero of all time!
In My Hero Academia!
GEAR UP FOR FINAL EXAMS
Okay, that's it for class.
There's only one week
left until the final exams.
You all are studying properly, right?
I'm sure you already know,
but it won't just be a written exam.
Make sure you train your minds
and bodies at the same time.
That's all.
I haven't studied at all!
With the sports festival and
internship, I didn't study at all!
It's true that we had
one event after another, but…
For the midterms, we'd just started
school, so they didn't cover much,
so I didn't really have
a hard time with them,
but with the back-to-back events
and stuff, the finals will be different…
It'll be tough since
there's a practical exam, too.
Ninth on the midterms?
And here I thought you were one of us!
Guys like you are only likable
if they're dumb…!
Where's the demand for this?
The world, I guess.
Ashido, Kaminari!
Let's do our best!
We all want to go
to the training camp together, right?
Yes! As class rep, I also have high
hopes that you'll all be moved to action!
It's pretty hard to fail
if you just pay attention in class.
Be careful with your words!
You two, I may be able to be
of assistance with the class lectures.
Yao-momo!
I can't help at all
with the practical, though…
I'm not one of those two,
but can I join, too?
I'm having some trouble
with quadratic functions…
Huh?
Sorry, me too! How are you
with classical Japanese?
-Huh?
-I'd like to join, too.
There's a bunch of stuff I don't get…
Please!
Everyone!
Yes, of course!
All right!
Then, let us hold a study session
at my residence this weekend!
Seriously? I can't wait to see your house!
Oh, in that case, I must tell
Mother and have her open up the hall!
Hall?
What kind of tea are you all partial to?
Tea?
In my family, we always
drink Harrod's or Wedgwood,
so if you have any preference,
let me know!
Of course, you can trust me
to help you study, too!
I will definitely show you how I can help!
It's like she casually slapped me with
the huge difference in how we were born…
…but her bounciness
is so cute that I don't care.
What was that again? Harry's? That's fine.
Harrod's, right?
Look at the difference in virtue.
I can do it, too!
Want me to beat it into you?
Yeah, I'm counting on you!
Everyone's panicking now,
even though it won't do any good
to cram this late in the game.
Shouldn't you try cramming a little?
What are you talking about?
What is it?
The practical exam, huh?
It's kind of scary
since I can't tell what'll be on it.
I don't think it'll be anything crazy.
The written exam questions
will come from what we study in class,
so I should be able
to manage somehow, but…
You can manage, huh…?
Seriously, what'll we have
to do for the practical exam?
"It'll be a comprehensive test
of everything from first semester."
That's all Mr. Aizawa would tell us…
Everything we did so far…
So, combat training and rescue training,
and then basic training…
In addition to studying, we'll have
to keep in good physical conditio--
Oh, sorry. Your head was
so big that I accidentally hit it.
You're from Class B…
Um… Monoma!
How dare you--
I heard you guys met the hero killer.
Just like at the sports festival,
you guys in Class A just have
to have all the attention, huh?
But that attention isn't because
people have high hopes for you.
It's because you keep
attracting trouble, right?
Oh, that's scary.
Someday, the rest of us might also
be caught up in the trouble you bring
and become victims as well…
Like getting cursed
by the god of pestilence!
Oh, that's sca--
Monoma, that's not funny.
Don't you know what happened to Iida?
Kendo!
Sorry, Class A. This guy's
heart's just kinda, you know.
His heart…?
You guys were talking earlier
about how you don't know
what's gonna be on the practical exam
for the finals, right?
Looks like it'll be combat against robots
like in the entrance exam.
What? Really?
How do you know?
An upperclassman friend of mine told me.
It's kind of cheating, though.
No, it's not cheating.
That's right,
I'm sure gathering information
ahead of time is also part of the test.
I see, I should've asked
some upperclassmen…
Why didn't I realize?
Are you an idiot, Kendou?
We had an information advantage!
This was our chance to get
ahead of the detestable Class A!
They're not detestable!
She's like the big sister of Class B, huh?
All right!
Oh, it'll be easy if it's robots!
Yeah, yeah!
You guys look like you'd have a hard time
controlling your Quirks against people.
Yeah! But I can just let loose
with robots, so it'll be a cinch!
And it'll be a cinch for me to melt them!
Now you just need Yaoyorozu
to help you study,
and you'll be set for the finals!
We'll definitely be able
to go to training camp now!
You may one day have
to fight against this great evil…
In order to prepare to face those words,
I have to make everything count
from now on.
It doesn't matter
if they're people or robots.
They're the same
if you beat 'em up, right?
What're you idiots talking
about it being a cinch for?
-Who're you calling an idiot?
-Shut up!
If you need to control your Quirk,
then control it! Idiot!
Hey, Deku!
I don't know if you've figured out
how to use your Quirk a little or what,
but you seriously keep
rubbing me the wrong way.
Oh, he must be talking about how Deku
was moving like Bakugo the other day.
Oh, yeah!
I don't need another half-assed
result like at the sports festival.
At the upcoming finals,
we'll get individual scores,
so we'll see who's better
whether you like it or not.
I'll beat you
with an indisputable difference!
I'll kill you!
Todoroki!
You, too!
It's been a while since
I've seen Bakugo that intense.
Impatience…?
Or hatred?
Bakugo has gotten worse than I thought.
YAOYOROZU
Wow…
I knew she was rich,
but I didn't think she was this rich…
Everyone, I have been waiting for you!
Please, come in.
I feel so out of place,
it's making me nervous…
Me, too…
What is it?
Oh, nothing…
WRITTEN EXAM - DAY ONE
Pencils down, everybody.
The last person in each row, collect
the answer sheets and bring them here.
Thanks, Yao-momo!
I didn't leave anything blank, at least!
And so, our three days
of written exams were over.
And then, it was the day
of the practical exam.
PRACTICAL EXAM AREA - CENTER PLAZA
Now, we will begin the practical exam.
Of course,
it is possible to fail this exam.
If you want to go to the training camp,
then don't make any stupid mistakes.
There are a lot of teachers…
I expect that you all have
gathered information ahead of time
and have some idea
of what you will be doing.
We're fighting robot warriors
like at the entrance exam, right?
Fireworks! Curry! Test of Courage!
Too bad!
For various reasons, the exam
will be different starting this time!
Principal Nezu!
Different?
From now on, we want to focus on
person-to-person combat and hero work,
and stress teaching
that is closer to actual fighting.
So…
We'll have you form teams of two
to fight against one teacher!
Against… the teachers?
In addition, the pairs
and who each pair will be up
against have already been decided.
These were determined at
my discretion based on various factors,
including fighting style, grades,
and interpersonal relationships,
so here they are:
First,
Todoroki and Yaoyorozu are one team.
And they're fighting me.
And Midoriya and Bakugo are a team,
and their opponent…
I… will do it!
All Might?
Work together to beat me, you two!
A FEW DAYS AGO
With the connection between Hero Killer:
Stain and the League of Villains,
there is the possibility that
the villains will be reinvigorated, huh?
Of course, it would be better
to prevent that before it begins,
but as a school, it would be
best to be completely certain.
If we consider
how fights against villains will continue
to intensify in today's society,
then combat training
against robots is not practical.
Originally, robots were used
to avoid complaints
about people being injured
in the entrance exams.
We can just ignore those.
Let them say what they want.
We can't exactly do that now, can we?
I understand
why you want to change the exam,
but having the students
fight us in teams of two…
Yes, I think that is a bit unfair.
If we win too easily,
we won't be able to give them grades.
Of course, we would take that
into consideration
and give the students a handicap.
Principal Nezu, what do you think?
Of course, I also agree
with changing the practical exam.
What should we do to keep the students
from being in even more danger?
The answer is simple.
We must have the students
themselves become stronger.
That's true.
I have no objections.
Then, to determine the teams--
First, Todoroki.
In general, he's doing well,
but overall, he has a tendency
to use brute force.
And Yaoyorozu is an all-rounder
but lacks the ability
to make spur-of-the-moment decisions
and apply them.
Therefore, I will erase their Quirks
and take advantage of
their weaknesses in close combat.
No objections!
Next, for Midoriya and Bakugo,
I'm leaving them to you, All Might.
For these two, I didn't pair
them up based on ability or grades.
Just on how badly they get along.
You like Midoriya, right?
Please instruct them well.
Aizawa, you're paying attention.
And now, we'll announce the teams
and the teachers
they'll be up against all at once!
1ST MATCH
2ND MATCH
3RD MATCH
4TH MATCH
5TH MATCH
6TH MATCH
7TH MATCH
8TH MATCH
9TH MATCH
10TH MATCH
The time limit for the exam
is thirty minutes!
Your objective is either to put
these handcuffs on the teacher,
or to have one of you
escape from the stage!
Capture the teacher or escape…
It's kind of like the combat training.
Is it really okay to run away?
Yup.
But it'll be different
from the combat training!
You'll be up against someone
way better than you!
Better… than us?
I can't really imagine it, though…
Dummy! Hey girl,
watch your mouth! You hear?
This time, your exam will be
very similar to a real battle.
Please think of us as villains.
Assuming you come across the enemy,
if you think you can win a fight
against them, then that's fine.
However--
In cases where there's too big
a difference in your abilities,
it would be smarter
to run away and get help.
Todoroki, Iida, Midoriya.
I'm sure you three understand this well.
Idiot! The hero killer is after me
and that kid in white armor, right?
Don't fight back.
It'd be better if you ran away!
I won't make that mistake again.
I will pass this test and prove that!
Fight and win, or run and win.
That's right! Your decision-making
skills are being tested!
But with these rules, you're probably
thinking the only choice is to run, right?
That's why we had the support course
make these for us!
Ultra compressed weights!
We'll put on about half
of our body weight.
It's to give you a handicap.
It's old-fashioned, but it makes it hard
to move and eats up stamina!
Oh shoot,
they're heavier than I thought…
By the way, there was a competition
to decide on the design,
and we ended up using Young Hatsume's.
Hatsume!
To allow us to consider fighting you, huh?
You're underestimating us.
I wonder.
All right,
each team will take the practical exam
in order on the prepared stage.
Sato, Kirishima, get ready.
Yes, sir!
Those waiting their turn
can watch the exams
or think of strategies as a team.
Do what you want.
That's all.
Ojiro, I would like to see
what we can do with our Quirks.
Of course.
Tokoyami, let's come up with a plan.
Very well.
The problem is how to strip
Ms. Midnight, right?
No. You're such a scumbag.
MONITOR ROOM
Well, it looks like
I'll have a lot of work today.
Oh?
You're watching, too, Deku?
Yeah.
We don't have many chances to see
other students and the teachers fight.
Besides, even if I wanted
to talk about strategies…
I see.
Well, for me…
It's like there's no point
trying to talk to him.
Aoyama…
That's why I thought I'd try to use
everyone else's fights for reference.
Yeah.
I have to pass this exam
by any means possible.
Team Sato and Kirishima, practical exam.
Ready, go!
For this exam,
we'll definitely get a higher score
by capturing rather than running, right?
I think so.
Mr. Cementoss moves slowly.
Let's break through from
the front and aim for a high score!
All right!
Rikido Sato. Quirk: Sugar Rush!
For every ten grams of sugar, he'll be
five times as strong for three minutes!
However, when he uses sugar for power,
his cognitive function
goes down accordingly.
You came from the front after all, huh?
Let's go, Sato!
All right!
Not yet.
You can do it, Kirishima, Sato!
They won't win at this rate.
Kirishima and Sato's Quirks are amazing,
but there's a limit
to how long they can use them.
On the other hand, I don't think
Mr. Cementoss has that.
The more time passes,
the more of a disadvantage
Kirishima and Sato will be at.
No way…
This practical exam is
pitting students against teachers
they'd have a hard time with on purpose.
I think the key will be how they deal
with their weaknesses to pass.
That's exactly right.
Before your own turns come around,
you should think carefully
about your compatibility
with the teacher you'll fight.
I knew it.
This is never ending, man!
No matter how many I break,
they just keep coming!
I'm sleepy… I'm tired…
Hey, keep trying!
I'm sleepy…
I'm running out of breath…
You're both extremely weak
in a war of attrition.
Listen,
in a fight, you have to see just how much
you can push the things you're good at.
Team Sato and Kirishima retires due
to both members losing consciousness.
-Seriously?
-That's…
Kirishima's…
Oh dear, it's only the first match,
and I already have work?
No way…
It was this one-sided?
Their Quirks were too
ineffective against his.
This exam is much harder
than what I imagined.
On top of that,
Kacchan and I are up against…
PRACTICAL EXAM LOCATION TWO
We, the examinees, are starting
from the middle of the stage, huh?
In order to escape, we must pass
through the designated gate, right?
Which means, the teacher's
probably waiting for us by the gate.
Team Asui and Tokoyami, practical exam.
Ready, go!
I forgot to tell you…
We teachers are also trying
to crush you with everything we have.
Prepare
your determination and resolve!
It's the preview!
Asui and Tokoyami
are up against Ectoplasm!
And Todoroki and Yaoyorozu
are up against Mr. Aizawa?
The match has been decided
before it even started, huh?
Hurry up and finish it
so we can get to my turn!
Aoyama, before that,
there's still Iida and Ojiro's exam…
That should be finished quickly, as well.
I can't do anything about it!
Next time, "Yaoyorozu: Rising."
I'll say something shocking in
the last scene, so look forward to it.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!